feat(agenda): support DIContext and allow manual job creation (#2553)
TypedProject/ts-express-decorators: docs/tutorials/agenda.md

}
```

> ## Define manually a job processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Define a job processor manually
```

Since Ts.ED 7.53.0, AgendaModule expose methods to define a job processor manually. it can be useful to define a job processor when

> you need to fetch data before and build job name / options dynamically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Ts.ED 7.53.0, AgendaModule exposes methods to manually define a job processor. It can be useful to define a job processor when you need to fetch data beforehand and dynamically build job name / options.
```
